Key,Source,Context,Changes,English
banditLeaderCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Bandit Leader corpse
banditLeaderRocketLauncherCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Bandit Leader Rocket Launcher corpse
banditPistolCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Bandit Pistol corpse
bandit44MagnumCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Bandit 44Magnum corpse
banditSawedOffPumpShotgunCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Bandit Sawed Off Shotgun corpse
banditPumpShotgunCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Bandit Shotgun corpse
banditMP5Corpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Bandit MP5 corpse
banditAK47Corpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Bandit AK47 corpse
banditHuntingRifleCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Bandit Hunting Rifle corpse
banditSniperRifleCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Bandit Sniper corpse
banditRocketLauncherCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Bandit Rocket Launcher corpse
banditSledgeCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Bandit SledgeHammer corpse
banditMacheteCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Bandit Machete corpse
banditFireaxeCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Bandit Fire Axe corpse
banditSpikedClubCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Bandit Spiked Club corpse
banditHuntingKnifeCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Bandit Hunting Knife corpse
banditChainsawCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Bandit Chainsaw corpse
survivorLeaderCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Survivor Leader corpse
survivorLeaderRocketLauncherCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Survivor Leader Rocket Launcher corpse
survivorPistolCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Survivor Pistol corpse
survivor44MagnumCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Survivor 44Magnum corpse
survivorSawedOffPumpShotgunCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Survivor Sawed Off Shotgun corpse
survivorPumpShotgunCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Survivor Shotgun corpse
survivorMP5Corpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Survivor MP5 corpse
survivorAK47Corpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Survivor AK47 corpse
survivorHuntingRifleCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Survivor Hunting Rifle corpse
survivorSniperRifleCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Survivor Sniper corpse
survivorRocketLauncherCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Survivor Rocket Launcher corpse
survivorSledgeCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Survivor SledgeHammer corpse
survivorMacheteCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Survivor Machete corpse
survivorFireaxeCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Survivor Fire Axe corpse
survivorSpikedClubCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Survivor Spiked Club corpse
survivorHuntingKnifeCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Survivor Hunting Knife corpse
survivorChainsawCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Survivor Chainsaw corpse
banditBruteSledgeCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Bandit Brute SledgeHammer corpse
banditBruteFireaxeCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Bandit Brute Fire Axe corpse
banditBruteSpikedClubCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Bandit Brute Spiked Club corpse
banditBruteChainsawCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Bandit Brute Chainsaw corpse
survivorBruteSledgeCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Survivor Brute SledgeHammer corpse
survivorBruteFireaxeCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Survivor Brute Fire Axe corpse
survivorBruteSpikedClubCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Survivor Brute Spiked Club corpse
survivorBruteChainsawCorpse,blocks,Block,EnChanged,Survivor Brute Chainsaw corpse